Re-Prepare release 0.57.1 (#2698)
zenml-io/zenml: RELEASE_NOTES.md

# 0.57.1

> This a minor release that brings a variety of enhancements for
> the new dashboard release, new update to the LLMOps guide and updated Readme,
> it also introduce some new improvement to the service connectors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This a minor release that brings a variety of enhancements for
the new dashboard release, a new update to the LLMOps guide (covering the use of rerankers in RAG pipelines) and [an updated README](README.md). It also introduces some new improvement to the service connectors.
```
